chore: contributing section in readme.md (#2834)
keymanapp/keyboards: README.md

# Open Source Keyman keyboards

## Table of Contents
- [File Layout](#file-layout)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

>   - [Tools](#tools)

Author: ```suggestion
  - [Tool](#tool)
```

  - [Standard keyboard design](#standard-keyboard-design)
  - [Keyboard submission guidelines](#keyboard-submission-guidelines)
  - [Publish your keyboard](#publish-your-keyboard)
  - [Modify a keyboard layout](#modify-a-keyboard)
  - [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Building Keyboards](#building-keyboards)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Build instructions](#build-instructions)
  - [Common `build.sh` parameters](#common-buildsh-parameters)

> - [Deprecated Keyboards](#license)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Deprecated Keyboards](#deprecated-keyboards)
```

## Contributing

> Standard keyboard follows a structure of user-friendly design, keyboard structures, and typing experience.

Author: ```suggestion

```

### Tool

Get the latest version of Keyman Developer to start the journey of keyboard development: <https://keyman.com/developer>

### Keyboard Design Principles

A good way to start creating a keyboard is to plan out the requirements of the keyboard ahead and decide on the keyboard's language, target users, usability, structure, and many more steps that can be carried out further along the process. To ensure that the keyboard is up to standard, start by implementing the D.I.S.C.U.S. method. Read more! <https://help.keyman.com/developer/keyboards/standard/>

> 

Author: ```suggestion
Please make sure the keyboard and the package compile successfully before making a keyboard submission. If there are warning messages, try to address all of them; if there are errors, those must be corrected before submission. Help on this: <https://help.keyman.com/developer/17.0/reference/messages/>
```

Author: Thanks @LornaSIL. This is perfect between the keyboard design and keyboard submission.

> When a keyboard is ready to publish, please confirm that the folders and files are consistent to the repository. For more clarification: <https://help.keyman.com/developer/keyboards/github/step-0>

Author: ```suggestion
When a keyboard is ready to publish, please confirm that the folders and files are consistent to the repository. For more clarification: 
- <https://help.keyman.com/developer/current-version/reference/file-layout>
- <https://help.keyman.com/developer/current-version/reference/file-types/>
- <https://help.keyman.com/developer/keyboards/github/step-0>

```

Learn how to update existing keyboards <https://community.software.sil.org/t/unfamiliar-with-git-best-way-to-update-my-keyboard/8652/2>

### Keyboard Help Documentation

> If the guides are not enough to provide you a completed keyboard, don't be afriad to explore the main keyboard help page! <https://help.keyman.com/developer/keyboards/>

Author: ```suggestion
If the guides are not enough to provide you a completed keyboard, don't be afraid to explore the main keyboard help page! <https://help.keyman.com/developer/keyboards/>
```

> If the guides are not enough to provide you a completed keyboard, don't be afraid to explore the main keyboard help page! <https://help.keyman.com/developer/keyboards/>

Author: ```suggestion
If the guides are not enough to provide you with a completed keyboard, don't be afraid to explore the main keyboard and keyman developer help pages! 
- <https://help.keyman.com/developer/keyboards/>
- <https://help.keyman.com/developer/current-version/reference/>

```

## Contributing

### Tool

Get the latest version of Keyman Developer to start the journey of keyboard development: <https://keyman.com/developer>

### Keyboard Design Principles

A good way to start creating a keyboard is to plan out the requirements of the keyboard ahead and decide on the keyboard's language, target users, usability, structure, and many more steps that can be carried out further along the process. To ensure that the keyboard is up to standard, start by implementing the D.I.S.C.U.S. method. Read more! <https://help.keyman.com/developer/keyboards/standard/>

> Please make sure the keyboard and the package compile successfully before making a keyboard submission. If there are warning messages, try to address all of them; if there are errors, those must be corrected before submission. Help on this: <https://help.keyman.com/developer/current-version/reference/messages/>

Author: ```suggestion

Please make sure the keyboard and the package compile successfully before making a keyboard submission. If there are warning messages, try to address all of them; if there are errors, those must be corrected before submission. Help on this: <https://help.keyman.com/developer/current-version/reference/messages/>

```

- [GitHub Keyboard Submission Guide](https://help.keyman.com/developer/keyboards/github/)

### Modify a keyboard

To update a keyboard in this repository, follow these steps:

1. Create a fork from this repository (Update your fork of the keyboards repository if you already have one)
  - The Fork button is located near the top of the repository, then follow the instructions [here](https://help.keyman.com/developer/keyboards/advanced/), and come back.
  - Update the forked repository [here](https://help.keyman.com/developer/keyboards/github/step-3#toc-updating-your-fork), and proceed to the next step.

2. Download a copy of the latest files that are in your forked repository as a ZIP file.
  - Go to `https://github.com/[YourGitHubName]/keyboards/` (after replacing `[YourGitHubName]` with your actual GitHub name)
  - Navigate to the keyboard, for example, to “release”, then “a”, then “ausephon”
  - At that point, the browser URL will be something like: `https://github.com/[YourGitHubName]/keyboards/tree/master/release/a/ausephon`
  - Copy the URL
  - Go to: <https://download-directory.github.io/>
  - Paste the URL into the field and press Enter

>   - The files for the keyboard are zipped up and offers for download as: `keymanapp keyboards master release-a_ausephon.zip`

Author: ```suggestion
  - The files for the keyboard are zipped up and offered for download as: `keymanapp keyboards master release-a_ausephon.zip`
```

3. Update the keyboard files on your computer with Keyman Developer and/or a text editor
  - Double-click on the `ausephon.kpj` (Keyman project file) in the ausephon folder to launch Keyman Developer
  - Make your changes
  - Build and test the keyboard, then build the package
  - When everything is working and complete, include the changes to the HISTORY.md file and, if necessary, to the LICENSE.md file.
  - Almost there, but first, delete the build folder and the files in it
  - Also delete the .kpj.user <b>(but don’t delete the .kpj file!)</b>.

4. Submit your updates as a new pull request
  - Go back to GitHub
  - Create a new branch (from master) with a short name to represent the pull request. For example, ausephon-updates...
  - Navigate to the target folder location (click on release, then on a, and you’ll see the ausephon folder)
  - Click on “Add file”, then “Upload files”
  - Drag the “ausephon” folder from your Windows Explorer window, and drop it on the GitHub window
  - Follow the steps to create a pull request, although the commit message will be something like `[ausephon] updated keyboard`

### Include font files

> If the fonts are used in multiple keyboards, the font files must be placed under the `shared folder`. Follow through this [documentation](https://help.keyman.com/developer/keyboards/github/step-2#toc-including-fonts-in-your-keyboard-package). However, if you are editing the keyboard package within the folders of the forked repository (skip step 2 above) only specifying the exisiting shared-font location in the package is neccesarily.

Author: ```suggestion
If the fonts are used on multiple keyboards, the font files must be placed under the `shared folder`. Follow through this [documentation](https://help.keyman.com/developer/keyboards/github/step-2#toc-including-fonts-in-your-keyboard-package). However, if you are editing the keyboard package within the folders of the forked repository (skip step 2 above) only specifying the existing shared-font location in the package is necessary.
```

* <https://help.keyman.com/keyboards/>: Published documentation for each keyboard
* <https://r.keymanweb.com/api/4.0/keyboards/>: JSON API for compiled keyboards available from Keyman Cloud

## Community

> We appreciate the effort of reaching out about any issue or suggestion to help us improve the experience and keyboards. Share with us on our community site: <https://community.software.sil.org/new-message?groupname=keyman>

Author: ```suggestion
We appreciate the effort of reaching out about any issue or suggestion that is beneficial for the community. Share with us on our community site: <https://community.software.sil.org/new-message?groupname=keyman>
```
